At the facility level,
decisions are often made by committees.
The purpose of the facility committee
is to provide the facility's perspective
in determining the best options for managing finances,
and sharing insight regarding those options.
These committees help shape the characteristic
of the institution, provide opportunity
for stakeholder groups to be represented on the committee,
and provide the opportunity for the committees
to oversee all activities associated with the operations
and maintenance of the facility,
including supply chain management.
Facility committees can also provide oversight
on annual budget processes and forecasting.
Select each tab to learn more
about some of these committees.